[Music]
so if you see this on your car don't
touch it and ask for help yes if a flock
of seagulls have used your car for their
carpet-bombing rod then be sure not to
touch wait what oh that's a different
video ah sorry my bad I'll do this other
one let's start again
criminals regularly invent new scam
schemes to rid you of your car or
belongings that you forget fully leave
in it sometimes these schemes are just
advanced variations of some long-running
scams but more and more often nowadays
robbers involve modern technologies in
their crimes
one of such achievements of
technological advance sets fear in the
eyes of its numerous victims luckily if
you know about this trick you won't have
any difficulties protecting yourself
your family and your friends and will
easily avoid falling a victim to
criminals GPS tracker on your car one of
the most dangerous scams on the roads
nowadays is the scam which involves a
new generation of GPS trackers roadside
robbers can attach such trackers to your
car with one very clear purpose we'll
tell you about later when these devices
first appeared they were used by the
military police and even special
services with the help of GPS trackers
they were following criminals and
terrorists the devices were mostly
unavailable for common citizens but time
passes and nowadays more and more people
get access to these trackers simply by
buying them on non official sites on the
Internet
the GPS trackers criminal use are also
called magno trackers as they are
magnetic it makes it easier for a robber
to attach it to your car what's more
criminals often throw the trackers out
of the window of their car that is
passing by your vehicle also there are
special cannons that can shoot
particular types of magno trackers at
your car being magnetic they easily
stick to the vehicle and start their
dirty work
why do criminals need these trackers
well they use them to stalk you pure and
simple the trackers will lead robbers to
your flat or house in addition they will
be able to find out when you leave your
car in a deserted place and get inside
some scary individuals and in comparison
with them Road robbers look like lambs
use these Magno gps's to stalk their
victims for example there was a case
when a jealous ex-husband was planning
to attack his ex-wife using the data he
had been collecting from the tracker
that he had secretly attached to her car
the man had even prepared a weapon for
the attack the woman was extremely lucky
that a mechanic in the garage noticed
the tracker and removed it what's even
more shocking and frightening these GPS
trackers can inform criminals where you
are even if you're traveling abroad in
this case they know you're definitely on
as well as when your house stays empty
and ready to be burgle that's why if you
see a tracker on your car be extremely
cautious if you have noticed it without
any difficulties it has probably been
thrown out of a car window in this case
someone is most likely waiting when you
stop the car and get out to get rid of
it exactly at this moment criminals may
try to attack and rob you
they may also wait until you get home to
figure out where you live but it gets
even scarier if you find such a device
in an out-of-the-way place for example
underneath your car remember that in
this case you shouldn't be too shy to
raise the alarm criminals have taken
pains to conceal the tracker from your
attention this means they are targeting
specifically you so if you locate a
magnetic tracker attached to your car
that's what you should do remove it in a
random place that is far from your home
or work and is off the way to these
locations after you remove the tracker
take a photo of the device to provide
some evidence to the police leave the
tracker on the ground remember the place
where it happened and drive as far away
as possible only after that call the
police
having the information that you will
provide
the police will have higher chances to
catch those who use magno trackers
illegally while criminals can target
your home while you're away a vacation
in a foreign country can turn out a
pretty dangerous adventure as well the
thing is that people tend to feel more
relaxed on holiday that's why they just
don't register the same threat they are
well aware of in their home country for
example in Spain there have been
numerous cases when criminals targeted
drivers of foreign registered cars
roadside thieves pretended to have
problems with their car and when
friendly foreigners stopped to help them
criminals robbed them taking all cash
and passports that's why there are some
road safety measures when abroad be
extra cautious of those people who flag
you down your valuables should not only
be out of reach but also out of sight if
you leave your car take all valuable
belongings with you always park your car
in sight if you are cautious and
attentive no robbers will be able to
spoil your rest
according to arrive alive campaign
information car robbers more and more
frequently use a smash-and-grab approach
they come up to your car when you're
waiting at a traffic light or suffer in
a traffic jam smash the car window and
grab anything expensive they can say
there are two ways how to avoid such a
situation well you can do nothing with
waiting in traffic you can cover the
windows of your car with a protective
safety film if you can't or don't want
to do this
leave your car windows slightly open
just about an inch both methods will
make it much harder to break the windows
fast the thing is that robbers need a
fast getaway if they have to bash your
car window again and again they will
most likely get caught so do everything
you can to make your windows as impact
absorbent as possible here are some more
recommendations how to ensure the safety
of your car by the way all of them have
been provided by a former car thief
that's why the guy knows what he's
talking about
he recommends to leave your doors open
and your windows rolled down if you park
your car in a bad neighborhood take
absolutely all valuables with you but
don't lock the car the manager is that
in such areas if anyone decides to break
into your car they will do this no
matter what and this way you will at
least keep your windows intact at the
same time always lock your car and leave
its windows up when you leave it in a
good neighborhood now this may sound
paradoxical and risky that's why to
follow or not to follow this
recommendation is up to you leave
anything that has value
CDs sports equipment GPS suitcases in
the trunk of your car
the thing is thieves have limited time
about 20 seconds to break in and get
everything they deem useful this is the
reason they never have time to check the
trunk if you want to make your vehicle
unappealing to car robbers make it as
messy inside as possible
the former car thief admitted that when
he had seen cars filled with junk to the
brim he had just passed on them it
demanded too much time to figure out if
there was anything of value in the
vehicle park in well-lit areas under a
streetlamp
criminals feel uncomfortable and exposed
that's why they're much more likely to
break into a car that is parked in
darkness don't leave anything literally
anything inside no loose change no
sports equipment no cool t-shirts no
tiny screwdrivers and no tape measure as
the professional stated it hadn't been a
problem for him to break into a car to
get 75 cents but the owner of the car
had to deal with insurance and broken
windows so don't tempt make sure that
the measures you've taken to protect
your car are visible if you've chained a
spare tire to your car which you should
definitely do make sure potential
criminals can see the chain and if you
have a blinking red light of a car alarm
it doesn't matter whether it's real or
fake thieves will never approach your
vehicle
so which preventive measures to scare
away car thieves do you take tell us all
about it in
the comments below and don't forget to
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]